# CS-250

How do I interpret user needs and implement them into a program? How does creating “user stories” help with this?

Intepreting a user's needs and them implementing them is a process which gets better over time, as you program more and work with more clients you will find effecient ways to make sure you are really locked into the details of a client's request. A major help in this process cam be asking yourself three essential questions. Who is asking for the change? What is this change meant to accomplish? Why is this change necessary for the program and what value does it bring? Asking yourself these questions will allow you to narrow down the purpose of the task and break down each vital point. User stories allow for the clients' requests to be organized in a manner that the developer can use as a checklist for each function.

How do I approach developing programs? What agile processes do I hope to incorporate into my future development work?

While using Agile it opened my eyes to the possibilities of what can be achieved when this workflow process is used at full strength. Agile allows for developers to code faster and in a more ffecient manner. It provides structure while also promoting high turnaround on product development. There are a variety of tools that companies use such as Kanban boards which help Agile teams organize their tasks and execute their assigned user stories by the end of each sprint period. The best thing about Agile though is that even though it's fast, there is a large emphasis on testing and code review in general. Whether it is a peer revewing your code or having a tester stress it out, if there's a problem with your code it will be found and fixed. Having this knowledge will allow me to apply it earlier on into my learning process giving me a headstart on the development of my skills.

What does it mean to be a good team member in software development?

To be a good team member in software development requires a lot of things. You must carry your own weight, learn how to understand a client's request, learn how to properly work collaboratively and code in a standard that all other developers could pick up from where you left off in your code and continue developing. Knowing that everyone is different and personalities are unique is also a major part of being a good team member, not everyone is gonna get along perfectly but if we can create an enviroment where our work still prospers and shines we will all benefit greatly in the end. Being a reliable person is also very vital because once again a project is dependent on the whole team not just one person but if one person doesn't pull their weight it affects the whole team. As long as you are reliable, confident and understanding working in a software development team will be easy.
